DOC Add campaign-admin support back in (#708)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.0.0.md

CMS 6 compatible versions of `silverstripe/blog`, `silverstripe/subsites`, and `silverstripe/crontask` have been released with CMS 6.0.0, though they are not commercially supported.

> `silverstripe/campaign-admin` was initially going to loose commercial support, though this decision was later changed and `silverstripe/campaign-admin` will continue being commercially supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think that needs to be said, but if you do want to keep it, it should probably be said in the campaign admin section below.

Author: Removed

The value of the field that failed validation is intentially not included in the output, as it could contain sensitive information e.g. an API token.

### `silverstripe/campaign-admin` no longer part of `silverstripe/recipe-cms` {#campaign-admin}

> The `silverstripe/campaign-admin` module is no longer included in `silverstripe/recipe-cms`. If your `composer.json` requires `silverstripe/recipe-cms` and you wish to continue using `silverstripe/campaign-admin`, then you will need to add manually add to your project via `composer.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `silverstripe/campaign-admin` module is no longer included in `silverstripe/recipe-cms`. If your `composer.json` requires `silverstripe/recipe-cms` and you wish to continue using `silverstripe/campaign-admin`, then you will need to add manually add to your project's `composer.json`.
```
Saying add "via" `composer.json` could imply there's some magic that prevents the CLI from adding it correctly.

Author: Updated
